this is in a sense the birthplace of all
biology it's a magical place I mean you
can't turn around in a full circle
without seeing something new and
something that just makes your jaw drop
the Galapagos is like a mecca for pi
ology students for people who are
interested in geology ichthyology
ornithology herpetology it doesn't
matter where your primary interest lies
it's here and it's just waiting for you
to come over and be like look at me
count me study me you know to see a blue
footed boobie lift up his blue foot and
started a mating dance like it sounds
corny but it's a dream come true you're
snorkeling and looking at beautiful fish
with their colors reflecting in the
water and you're caught up in that and
then all of a sudden you feel a wave of
water on you because a sea lion is
brushing by and playing with you you
pick in the water and it's just
absolutely amazing and you know you'll
never forget it you'll never forget any
of the details of that moment the thing
is it's not just that moment it's every
moment here this place is amazing I'm a
bio major specializing in ecology and
conservation bio is one of the most
amazing things that you can study
because it integrates so many other
Sciences and Social Sciences as well
because it's not just about the ecology
and the flora and the fauna but about
the people and how the people relate to
that which is so important it's really
cool to come here and tie it all
together this place is the place that
has everything together for me after one
of our hikes we actually had the
opportunity to come to a clearing by a
beach and just stand and watch for a
while and we saw sea turtles meeting in
the waves that were crashing right in
front of us probably like 10 feet away
it was definitely one of the most
amazing experiences of my life because
just something really magical about
watching an endangered species mate I've
been following the pre-veterinary track
but as time goes on especially as I
continue on with this program I realized
that I just have such a passion for
wildlife conservation and I think I'm
going to try and use this knowledge and
see where it leads me that the Galapagos
is a place that everyone should visit
and respect and love because we need to
preserve things